The Joe Rogan experience.
Do you do any,
uh,
I feel like I've heard you talk about hormone stuff.
Yeah.
I do hormone replacement therapy type of things.
Testosterone and human growth hormone.
You have to give yourself a jap in yeah.
In the thigh.
Thigh.
You won't do the all south simple pride.
I just knew that Mrs Rogan hard time touch that it ties right there.
It's easy to grab when you're rushing back to putting your ass.
It's just like awkward to farmable.
Um,
yeah.
But they also have,
um,
taking whole light.
So you're taking growth hormone,
you not noticed any negative side effects or you get your blood monitored.
You know,
when you,
when you're doing something like that.
This is,
this is also,
if you're a person that has addictive problems,
addiction problems,
which I don't necessarily have them as much with substances,
but have them leave.
Um,
well you saw it with video games when you got here with the video game problem
that I have.
You're frantic,
you're match that at dark room.
You and your sweaty sway and Pi didn't baffled by the real fun too.
Um,
martial arts.
I've been addicted to martial arts.
I've been addicted to playing pool.
I get addicted to getting good at things.
I get very addicted to things.
If there's something that I get obsessed with,
like Jujitsu or whatever it is,
I get obsessed and that's all I think about all day long.
I just had,
I just,
you know,
it's not healthy,
but with um,
hormones,
you want to make sure that you don't overdose yourself.
You want to make sure that you stay within a very narrow range where your,
you know,
your,
you have,
what are the healthy levels of a person that's in there,
you know,
late twenties.
That's really what you want.
You don't want to have hyper human levels,
which some people do do hyper human.
You're going to create an ecosystem.
You're fucking up your body man.
You're just jolting yourself with all this extra shit.
Well,
he about to take this sweet lady thyroid.
Is that part of your system?
Yeah,
I have 'em.
I take Armour thyroid.
It's actually made from pigs.
Thyroids,
you mean picks fibroids now,
but like how would the,
when,
how,
what's happened to the pig?
Dead.
They're long gone.
They're not so struggling over lack of really teetering about all emasculated.
Well,
this is like,
so yeah,
I'm interested in this hormone stuff.
I'm interested in that,
but you know me,
I've got to be very,
very like cool shifts about Moodle,
Orrin stuff.
Yeah.
But if you have the exercise regimen that you're talking about,
I don't think you're going to have about a kid,
that blue belt.
I'm going to do what it takes.
Yeah.
Bring me the pinnacle health.
I right out of it directly.